changelog 0.1.3-preview (#164)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: changelog.txt

0.1.3-preview
============
New Features:
**Microsoft Identity Web now allows developers to not pass any scope value in `AddWebAppCallsProtectedWebApi`**. See [issue for more details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/14).

> **When working with containers, or reserve proxys, being able to specify the redirectUri and postLogoutRedirectUri is important.** Microsoft Identity Web now allows the setting of the RedirectUri and PostLogoutRedirectUri as part of the `MicrosoftIdentityOptions`. See [Issue for more details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/115).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When working with containers or reverse proxies, being able to specify the redirectUri and postLogoutRedirectUri is important.** Microsoft Identity Web now allows the setting of the RedirectUri and PostLogoutRedirectUri as part of the `MicrosoftIdentityOptions`. See [Issue for more details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/115).
```

Bug Fixes:

> **The AddProtectedWebApiCallsProtectedWebApi method registers an event handler for OnTokenValidated, but without preserving any existing registered event handler.** Now events are chained correct. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/154).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The AddProtectedWebApiCallsProtectedWebApi method registers an event handler for OnTokenValidated without preserving any existing registered event handlers.** Now events are chained correctly. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/154).
```

> **Depending on the endpoint, v1.0 or v2.0, the format of the `aud` value in the token will be different.** Microsoft Identity Web now uses the Middleware library to help validate the token audience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Depending on the endpoint, v1.0 or v2.0, and if the application is B2C or not, the default format of the `aud` value in the token will be different.** Microsoft Identity Web now looks at these parameters to validate the audience.
```
